Add docs related to Rasa Action Server GH Action (#6645)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/how-to-deploy.mdx

In addition, you can add any additional dependencies of systems or Python libraries
that are part of your action code but not included in the base `rasa/rasa-sdk` image.

#### Automating your Action Server Image Builds

> In addition to a manual step to create a new Action Server Image. You can use [Rasa Action Server GitHub Action](https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha) to automate image builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to a manually creating a new Action Server image, you can use the [Rasa Action Server GitHub Action](https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha) to automate image builds.
```

If GitHub Actions are new to you, it might be helpful to get familiar with [GitHub Actions Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

The following steps assume that you already created a GitHub repository and you have a DockerHub account.

To create a workflow for building and pushing a Docker image into a DockerHub registry:

1. Add GitHub Secrets with your DockerHub login name and password.
   [Here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/configuring-and-managing-workflows/creating-and-storing-encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository) you can find details on how to create encrypted secrets for a repository.

   The example uses the following secrets:
   - `DOCKER_HUB_LOGIN` - a login name for DockerHub
   - `DOCKER_HUB_PASSWORD` - a password for DockerHub

2. In your GitHub repository create a file [`.github/workflows/action_server.yml`](https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha/blob/master/examples/action_server.yml).

> The GitHub Action workflow below builds a new docker image every time new changes are pushed into the `master` branch.

Reviewer: Should it be only when new changes are pushed to actions.py?

Author: Good question, I'll add an example how to run it only if `actions.py` changed

```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - master

jobs:
  build_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Build Action Server image and upgrade Rasa X deployment
    steps:
    - name: Checkout repository
      uses: actions/checkout@v2

    - id: action_server
      name: Build an action server with a custom actions
      uses: RasaHQ/action-server-gha@master
      # Full list of parameters: https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha/tree/master#input-arguments
      with:
        docker_image_name: 'account_username/repository_name'
        docker_registry_login: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_LOGIN }}
        docker_registry_password: ${{ secrets.DOCKER_HUB_PASSWORD }}
        # More details about github context:
        # https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/context-and-expression-syntax-for-github-actions#github-context
        #
        # github.sha - The commit SHA that triggered the workflow run
        docker_image_tag: ${{ github.sha }}
```

3. Push your changes to the `master` branch. After changes are pushed, the workflow will build and push a new image into the DockerHub registry.

> 4. Now, you can use your new brand docker image or, for example, extend your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Now, you can use your new brand docker image.
```

> The example below shows how to extend your workflow by a new step that updates a Rasa X deployment based on [Helm Chart](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa-x/installation-and-setup/customize/#adding-a-custom-action-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. You can also extend your workflow, so that you do not have to manually update your Rasa X deployment. The example below shows how to extend your workflow with an additional step that updates a Rasa X [Helm Chart](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa-x/installation-and-setup/customize/#adding-a-custom-action-server) deployment.
```

example, you could version or date your tags, as well as create different tags that have different code for production
and development servers. You should create a new tag any time you update your code and want to re-deploy it.

#### Automating your Action Server Image Builds

In addition to a manual step to create a new Action Server Image. You can use [Rasa Action Server GitHub Action](https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha) to automate image builds.

> If GitHub Actions are new to you it might be helpful to get familiar with [GitHub Actions Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If GitHub Actions are new to you, it might be helpful to get familiar with [GitHub Actions Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).
```

> If GitHub Actions are new to you it might be helpful to get familiar with [GitHub Actions Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If GitHub Actions are new to you, it might be helpful to get familiar with [GitHub Actions Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).
```

The following steps assume that you already created a GitHub repository and you have a DockerHub account.

To create a workflow for building and pushing a Docker image into a DockerHub registry:

> 1. Create GitHub Secrets with login name and password for DockerHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add GitHub Secrets with your DockerHub login name and password.
```

   [Here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/configuring-and-managing-workflows/creating-and-storing-encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository) you can find details on how to create encrypted secrets for a repository.

   The example uses the following secrets:
   - `DOCKER_HUB_LOGIN` - a login name for DockerHub
   - `DOCKER_HUB_PASSWORD` - a password for DockerHub

> 2. In your GitHub repository create a file [`.github/workflows/action_server.yml`](https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha/blob/master/examples/action_server.yml).

Reviewer: The GitHub link 404s

Author: Yes, that's ok. After the https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha/pull/1 is merged, the link should work.

> The GitHub Action workflow below builds a new docker image every time when new changes are pushed into the `master` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub Action workflow below builds a new docker image every time new changes are pushed into the `master` branch.
```

4. Now, you can use your new brand docker image or, for example, extend your workflow.
The example below shows how to extend your workflow by a new step that updates a Rasa X deployment based on [Helm Chart](https://rasa.com/docs/rasa-x/installation-and-setup/customize/#adding-a-custom-action-server)

```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - master

jobs:
  build_and_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Build Action Server image and upgrade Rasa X deployment
    steps:
    [..]

    # This step shows only the example of output parameter usage
    # and it's not focused on deployment itself.
    - name: "Upgrade a Rasa X deployment"
      run: |
        helm upgrade --install --reuse-values \
          --set app.name=${{ steps.action_server.outputs.docker_image_name }} \
          --set app.tag=${{ steps.action_server.outputs.docker_image_tag }} rasa rasa-x/rasa-x
```

As you can see it's possible to use output variables from the `action_server` step. The `steps.action_server.outputs.docker_image_name` variable returns
a docker image name and the `steps.action_server.outputs.docker_image_tag` variable returns a docker image tag.

> More examples on how to use and customize [Rasa Action Server GitHub Action](https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha) you can find in the [Rasa Action Server GitHub Action](https://github.com/RasaHQ/action-server-gha) repository.

Reviewer: Action server sounds really similar to GitHub Actions. It can be confusing. What if we called this repo the `Rasa GitHub Actions` repository. This opens up the possibility of different actions in the future as well

Author: I agree, too many actions in one name 😄
